skills/prayer/README.md, before:

# Prayer

There are 3 methods to training your Prayer: burying/offering bones, using ensouled heads, and offering demonic ashes.

### Burying/Offering Bones

You can train Prayer by burying bones, or offering them to the Chaos altar. For example to bury Dragon bones, you can do `/activities bury`` `**`name:`**` ``Dragon bones`. You can also specify an amount but this is optional as it will default to the maximum. This should never be done as the Chaos alter gives over 6x more xp per bone, even including the chance to lose bones to pkers.

Offering the bones to the Chaos altar works exactly the same, except you use `/offer` instead, for example: `/offer`` `**`name:`**` ``Dragon bones`.

The Chaos Altar works like ingame, your minion will do 1 inventory trips back and forth to sacrifice, with a 10% chance of being PKed in the trip and losing some amount of your inventory of bones (depending on if you got PKed at the start/middle/finish).

### Ensouled Heads

Through slayer and other combat related activities, you may obtain ensouled heads in various forms. You can use these heads for Prayer xp by using the `/k` command. They require a specific magic level to kill along with a rune cost for each cast. To view the rune cost and xp given, visit the [Ensouled heads page](ensouled-heads.md).

### Demonic Ashes

Much like ensouled heads, you can obtain demonic ashes through slayer and other combat related activities.  These can be offered through the use of the `/activities cast`` `**`spell:`**` ``Demonic offering` command which will grant various amounts of prayer xp depending on the type of the ashes offered.

|                   |                 |                                                         |
| ----------------- | :-------------: | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Type of Ashes** | **Xp Received** | **Spell cost**                                          |
| Fiendish ashes    |        90       | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Fiendish ashes</p>  |
| Vile ashes        |       225       | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Vile ashes</p>      |
| Malicious ashes   |       585       | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Malicious ashes</p> |
| Abyssal ashes     |       765       | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Abyssal ashes</p>   |
| Infernal ashes    |       990       | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Infernal ashes</p>  |

Commit message:

GitBook: [#636] Ash Sanctifier, Tiaras, STASH units, Other small things

skills/prayer/README.md, after:

# Prayer

There are 3 methods to training your Prayer: burying/offering bones, using ensouled heads, and offering demonic ashes.

### Burying/Offering Bones

You can train Prayer by burying bones, or offering them to the Chaos altar. For example to bury Dragon bones, you can do `/activities bury`` `**`name:`**` ``Dragon bones`. You can also specify an amount but this is optional as it will default to the maximum. This should never be done as the Chaos alter gives over 6x more xp per bone, even including the chance to lose bones to pkers.

Offering the bones to the Chaos altar works exactly the same, except you use `/offer` instead, for example: `/offer`` `**`name:`**` ``Dragon bones`.

The Chaos Altar works like ingame, your minion will do 1 inventory trips back and forth to sacrifice, with a 10% chance of being PKed in the trip and losing some amount of your inventory of bones (depending on if you got PKed at the start/middle/finish).

### Ensouled Heads

Through slayer and other combat related activities, you may obtain ensouled heads in various forms. You can use these heads for Prayer xp by using the `/k` command. They require a specific magic level to kill along with a rune cost for each cast. To view the rune cost and xp given, visit the [Ensouled heads page](ensouled-heads.md).

### Demonic Ashes

Much like ensouled heads, you can obtain demonic ashes through slayer and other combat related activities. These have 2 uses:&#x20;

* They can be **offered** through the use of the `/activities cast`` `**`spell:`**` ``Demonic offering` command which will grant various amounts of prayer xp depending on the type of the ashes offered.
* They can be **scattered** through the use of the `/activities scatter`` `**`name:`** command. This requires no items or runes. It gives the full xp regardless of the diary level completed.

|                   |                            |                              |                                                         |
| ----------------- | :------------------------: | ---------------------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------: |
| **Type of Ashes** | **Xp Received (Offering)** | **Xp Received (Scattering)** |               **Spell cost per offering**               |
| Fiendish ashes    |             90             | 10                           |  <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Fiendish ashes</p> |
| Vile ashes        |             225            | 25                           |    <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Vile ashes</p>   |
| Malicious ashes   |             585            | 65                           | <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Malicious ashes</p> |
| Abyssal ashes     |             765            | 85                           |  <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Abyssal ashes</p>  |
| Infernal ashes    |             990            | 110                          |  <p>1 Soul Rune<br>1 Wrath Rune<br>3 Infernal ashes</p> |

### Ash Sanctifier

This item can be obtained through completion of the Hard and Elite Kebos & Kourend diary. If you have already completed the diary, simply just claim the diary reward again. This item must be charged to use during combat, costing 1 death rune for 10 charges. When charged during combat, you will receive passive prayer xp anytime you kill monsters that drop demonic ashes. If you have only the hard diary completed, you will receive half the normal xp, or full xp for completion of the elite diary (see above for xp rates).

To charge the Ash sanctifier, use:

* `/minion charge`` `**`item:`**` ``Ash sanctifier`` `**`amount:`**` ``X`

To toggle the effect of the Ash sanctifier during combat, use:

* `/config user toggle`` `**`name:`**` ``Disable Ash Sanctifier`
