skills/runecrafting/README.md, before:

# Runecrafting

You can train Runecrafting using `/runecraft`.

## Boosts

There are several boosts available which apply to all runes except blood and soul runes. You can view the boosts for blood and soul runes on the [Dark Altar page](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/skills/runecrafting/dark-altar).

* 5% for 60+ Agility **OR** 10% for 90+ Agility
* 10% for Graceful (equipped in any setup)
* 1% for Ring of endurance (both versions work and it can be equipped or in bank)
* 3% for Runecrafting cape

## Pouches

You can create Runecrafting pouches using `/create`, they require different crafting levels based on the tier, as well as leather. Similarly to in-game, higher tier pouches also require higher Runecrafting levels to use. These boost the amount of essence you can carry in 1 inventory, increasing XP/Hr.

| **Pouch**    | **Crafting Lvl Required** | **Rc'ing Lvl Required** | **Leather Required** |
| ------------ | ------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- |
| Small Pouch  | 1                         | 1                       | 10                   |
| Medium Pouch | 10                        | 25                      | 20                   |
| Large Pouch  | 20                        | 50                      | 30                   |
| Giant Pouch  | 30                        | 75                      | 40                   |

## Regular Runes

| **Rune** | **Required level** |
| -------- | :----------------: |
| Air      |          1         |
| Mind     |          2         |
| Water    |          5         |
| Earth    |          9         |
| Fire     |         14         |
| Body     |         20         |
| Cosmic   |         27         |
| Chaos    |         35         |
| Astral   |         40         |
| Nature   |         44         |
| Law      |         54         |
| Death    |         65         |
| Wrath    |         95         |

## Combination Runes

**Note for Lava runes ONLY:** You can use the **`usestams:`**`False` option to send your minion runecrafting without using stamina potions. However, you will runecraft 3x slower than usual.

It's recommended to equip a staff in your skilling setup to provide infinite runes, for example a fire staff when crafting lava runes.

|          |                    |
| -------- | ------------------ |
| **Rune** | **Required Level** |
| Mist     | 6                  |
| Dust     | 10                 |
| Mist     | 13                 |
| Smoke    | 15                 |
| Steam    | 19                 |
| Lava     | 23                 |

## Multiple Runes

Just like in OSRS, certain levels will grant you multiple of some runes. Combination runes are never multiplied.

![](../../.gitbook/assets/rc\_multiple\_runes.png)

Commit message:

GitBook: [#636] Ash Sanctifier, Tiaras, STASH units, Other small things

skills/runecrafting/README.md, after:

# Runecrafting

You can train Runecrafting using `/runecraft`.

## Boosts

There are several boosts available which apply to all runes except blood and soul runes. You can view the boosts for blood and soul runes on the [Dark Altar page](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/skills/runecrafting/dark-altar).

* 5% for 60+ Agility **OR** 10% for 90+ Agility
* 10% for Graceful (equipped in any setup)
* 1% for Ring of endurance (both versions work and it can be equipped or in bank)
* 3% for Runecrafting cape

## Pouches

You can create Runecrafting pouches using `/create`, they require different crafting levels based on the tier, as well as leather. Similarly to in-game, higher tier pouches also require higher Runecrafting levels to use. These boost the amount of essence you can carry in 1 inventory, increasing XP/Hr.

| **Pouch**    | **Crafting Lvl Required** | **Rc'ing Lvl Required** | **Leather Required** |
| ------------ | ------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- |
| Small Pouch  | 1                         | 1                       | 10                   |
| Medium Pouch | 10                        | 25                      | 20                   |
| Large Pouch  | 20                        | 50                      | 30                   |
| Giant Pouch  | 30                        | 75                      | 40                   |

## Tiaras

Crafting tiaras are another method of runecrafting training, albiet an incredibly slow method. Tiaras don't have any use within the bot, except for being stored in [STASH units](../construction/stash-units.md). They can be created through the `/runecraft` command.

## Regular Runes

| **Rune** | **Required level** |
| -------- | :----------------: |
| Air      |          1         |
| Mind     |          2         |
| Water    |          5         |
| Earth    |          9         |
| Fire     |         14         |
| Body     |         20         |
| Cosmic   |         27         |
| Chaos    |         35         |
| Astral   |         40         |
| Nature   |         44         |
| Law      |         54         |
| Death    |         65         |
| Wrath    |         95         |

## Combination Runes

**Note for Lava runes ONLY:** You can use the **`usestams:`**`False` option to send your minion runecrafting without using stamina potions. However, you will runecraft 3x slower than usual.

It's recommended to equip a staff in your skilling setup to provide infinite runes, for example a fire staff when crafting lava runes.

|          |                    |
| -------- | ------------------ |
| **Rune** | **Required Level** |
| Mist     | 6                  |
| Dust     | 10                 |
| Mist     | 13                 |
| Smoke    | 15                 |
| Steam    | 19                 |
| Lava     | 23                 |

## Multiple Runes

Just like in OSRS, certain levels will grant you multiple of some runes. Combination runes are never multiplied.

![](../../.gitbook/assets/rc\_multiple\_runes.png)
