BSO.md, before:

# BSO
Bot School Old, also known as BSO, is an alternative version of the Old School Bot. It has fun changes, new bosses, custom pets, and more! BSO is completely separate to OSB, and nothing you do in BSO will impact your real minion in OSB. 

It's kind of like a "Leagues" of OSBot, where things are buffed for fun.

## Invite

You can invite BSO to your server using this link: https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=729244028989603850&scope=bot

## Key Mechanics Changes
- Clue scrolls are stackable
- 5x XP gain
- No 200m cap on XP
- Quest points are capped at 5000, and you get 1-30 at a time
- 2x PvM speed
- Clue caskets give extra loot
- There are special, custom items, like Mystery boxes and BSO pets
- Everything is tradeable, and there are no ironmen

## BSO Items
Some items are unique to BSO due to custom bosses, mechanic changes, and drop table changes. These can be extremely useful for everything from PvM to Skilling, and are often very rare drops. 

- Mystery Boxes: There are four types of mystery box; **Tradeables, Untradeables, Holiday, and Pet**. Each box has a roll for any item in their category that exists or has ever existed. For example, a Tradeables Mystery Box, TMB for short, can roll anything from a raw shripms to a 3rd age pickaxe. Mystery boxes can be obtained from any activity, and when obtained from a PvM or skilling trip, you loot is doubled. For people who test new features and find bugs prior to release, there may be a special box as a reward, so make sure to `.roles tester` in the support server's #other-bots channel to be pinged when testing is live. The only items which cannot drop from these boxes are certain bso exclusives in order to preserve their rarity.

- Dwarven Equipment: Dwarven items are BSO-exclusive boost items. They are either smithed out of dwarven bars (smelted from dwarven ore dropped from dwarven crates) or dropped from the Dwarven King Goldemar. The **Dwarven Greataxe** provides a 2x speed boost to woodcutting and Wintertodt. The **Dwarven Pickaxe** provides a 2x speed boost to mining. The **Dwarven Greathammer** provides a speed 2x boost to smithing and crafting. **Dwarven Gauntlets** provide a 2x speed boost to smelting and a 3x speed boost to cooking. The **Dwarven Warhammer**, which is only dropped from the King, provides a 40% speed boost to all PvM activities. 

- Abyssal Equipment: Abyssal items are BSO-exclusive boost items which are dropped or have component drops from Malygos. The **Abyssal Cape** provides a 50% food consumption reduction against any bosses which require food. **Abyssal Dragon Bones** provide 5x more xp than Superior Dragon Bones, the next best prayer method. The **Abyssal Pouch** is created using a Giant Pouch and **Abyssal Thread**, and it provides a significant boost to your runecrafting speed.

- XP Lamps:
Dailies can provide you with XP **lamps** (tiny, small, average, large, and huge) which can be placed in most skills after a short time has passed from the point of their release. These provide 20k, 50k, 100k, 1m, and 5m xp respectively. They are very rare and are used by `=lamp size lamp, skill`.

- Clues:
Clues are stackable, *and* there is a new tier of clue, **Grandmaster**. Grandmaster clues require you to complete 50 Master clue scrolls before you can attempt them. They have a unique drop table including some BSO exclusive items such as the **Clue Hunter Outfit** which halves time to complete clue scrolls, and the **Dwarven Blessing** which provides a 20% speed boost to all PvM activities at a cost of 1x Prayer Potion (4) per 5 minutes of the trip.

- Misc:
The **Fish Sack** drops from the Sea Kraken and boosts fishing trip times by 9 minutes. The **Thieves’ Armband** is obtained while training Thieving with the Wilvus pet equipped, it halves your chance to fail a pickpocket attempt. The **Divine Sigil** is from Corp and has the stats of the Elysian. 

## BSO Monsters
Some monsters and their drops are unique to BSO, and some mobs have had their drop tables slightly modified. 

- King Goldemar:
King Goldemar is a group-only boss which drops the Dwarven Warhammer as well as the materials for the smithable dwarven gear pieces. It requires crush attack and defence gear in the melee setup, and other drops are not of particular note.

- Sea Kraken:
The Sea Kraken is a solo boss which drops a lot of raw food items. It requires range attack and magic defence gear in your range setup. It also drops the fish sack which boosts fishing. 

- Treebeard:
Treebeard is a solo boss which drops farming and herblore items. It requires 100 qp to kill and it requires magic attack and magic defence gear in your mage setup.

- Malygos:
Malygos is a solo boss which has some rare abyssal gear drops. It requires 999 qp to kill and an anti dragon shield or an abyssal cape. It drops visages, the dragon hunter lance, a unique pet, and abyssal items.

- Koschei the Deathless:
сидеть

- The Chambers of Xeric, Raids 1:
CoX is a BSO exclusive for now. Equip your best gear (see the [OSRS wiki CoX strategies page](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Chambers_of_Xeric/Strategies) and group with to learn. You must get 200 kc before you can solo raids. Notable drops include the twisted bow and the olmlet pet.

- Nex:
Nex is an endgame boss that requires 95 prayer and a Frozen Key to start. You can either Solo or Mass it and requires some high level ranged gear to fight. It drops Pernix, Torva and Virtus gear. (There's a pin in the #mass-nex channel with information).

## BSO Pets
These BSO-exclusive pets provide some unqiue and powerful perks and are rare drops from the activites listed.

- Doug: obtained from mining, gives random ores when mining
- Zippy: obtained from questing, gives extra clues and mystery boxes when completing clues, has a chance to double the amout of clue caskets obtained
- Shelldon: obtained from fishing, doubles your catch and xp when fishing
- Remy: obtained from cooking, boosts cooking speed for food (except wine)
- Lil Lamb: obtained from alching, boosts xp from offering bones by 1x-3x
- Harry: obtained from Ardougne agility, gives bananas on pvm trips
- Klik: obtained from killing dragons, automatically smelts ores from mining and cooks fish from fishing
- Wintertoad: obtained from  the Wintertodt, halves the duration of Fight Cave attempts
- Scruffy: obtained from Varrock agility, boosts fletching speed
- Zak: obtained from smelting, boosts maximum trip length by 40%
- Hammy: obtained from sacrificing items in excess of 51,530,000 gp, gives free plank-making at sawmills and has a chance to interrupt commands
- Skipper: obtained from penguin agility, removes tax from item sales to the bot, adds 40% sacrifice value, and gives more gp on dailies (passive)
- Ori: obtained from killing Malygos, boosts loot from pvm trips by 25% (rounding up)
- Takon: obtained from completing the Chambers of Xeric, boosts smithing by 5x
- Obis: obtained from runecrafting, gives random runes on any non-pvm trip
- Peky: obtained from woodcutting, gives random seeds on any non-pvm trip
- Brock: obtained from pvm zulrah, gives random logs on any non-pvm trip
- Wilvus: obtained from pickpocketing, gives pre-made pickpocket loot on **ALL TRIPS** (including chance of thieves armband which halves the chance of failing pickpocketing)
- Plopper: obtained from farming, makes it so your crops cant die ever and gives 4x farming yield
- Cob: (2020 Halloween exclusive): 30% boost to the Hallowed Sepulchre, 2x boost to the Nightmare
- Smokey (2020 Christmas exclusive): extra 1 in 15 chance of mystery box roll in any non-pvm trip, 10% chance of extra mystery box roll
- Flappy (2021 Bot Birthday exclusive): 2x loot from minigames

Commit message:

Update BSO.md (#76)
* Update BSO.md

Added BSO lottery

Co-authored-by: 6enny6 <76587427+6enny6@users.noreply.github.com>

BSO.md, after:

# BSO
Bot School Old, also known as BSO, is an alternative version of the Old School Bot. It has fun changes, new bosses, custom pets, and more! BSO is completely separate to OSB, and nothing you do in BSO will impact your real minion in OSB. 

It's kind of like a "Leagues" of OSBot, where things are buffed for fun.

## Invite

You can invite BSO to your server using this link: https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=729244028989603850&scope=bot

## Key Mechanics Changes
- Clue scrolls are stackable
- 5x XP gain
- No 200m cap on XP
- Quest points are capped at 5000, and you get 1-30 at a time
- 2x PvM speed
- Clue caskets give extra loot
- There are special, custom items, like Mystery boxes and BSO pets
- Everything is tradeable, and there are no ironmen

## Lottery

The BSO banklottery is a lottery where you can put both items and gp in. 
To put in items do =lotterybank <itemname>, every item(stack) has to have a value of 10m and you need to put in 50m worth per command. Every 10m you put in, is equal to 1 ticket. 
To put in gp do =buy x bank lottery ticket, where the x is for the amount of tickets u want to buy. These are also 10m each.

As a tier 3 patron, or higher, you can see the items in the lottery using the =lottery command.

The Lottery is not drawn on any specific date.


## BSO Items
Some items are unique to BSO due to custom bosses, mechanic changes, and drop table changes. These can be extremely useful for everything from PvM to Skilling, and are often very rare drops. 

- Mystery Boxes: There are four types of mystery box; **Tradeables, Untradeables, Holiday, and Pet**. Each box has a roll for any item in their category that exists or has ever existed. For example, a Tradeables Mystery Box, TMB for short, can roll anything from a raw shripms to a 3rd age pickaxe. Mystery boxes can be obtained from any activity, and when obtained from a PvM or skilling trip, you loot is doubled. For people who test new features and find bugs prior to release, there may be a special box as a reward, so make sure to `.roles tester` in the support server's #other-bots channel to be pinged when testing is live. The only items which cannot drop from these boxes are certain bso exclusives in order to preserve their rarity.

- Dwarven Equipment: Dwarven items are BSO-exclusive boost items. They are either smithed out of dwarven bars (smelted from dwarven ore dropped from dwarven crates) or dropped from the Dwarven King Goldemar. The **Dwarven Greataxe** provides a 2x speed boost to woodcutting and Wintertodt. The **Dwarven Pickaxe** provides a 2x speed boost to mining. The **Dwarven Greathammer** provides a speed 2x boost to smithing and crafting. **Dwarven Gauntlets** provide a 2x speed boost to smelting and a 3x speed boost to cooking. The **Dwarven Warhammer**, which is only dropped from the King, provides a 40% speed boost to all PvM activities. 

- Abyssal Equipment: Abyssal items are BSO-exclusive boost items which are dropped or have component drops from Malygos. The **Abyssal Cape** provides a 50% food consumption reduction against any bosses which require food. **Abyssal Dragon Bones** provide 5x more xp than Superior Dragon Bones, the next best prayer method. The **Abyssal Pouch** is created using a Giant Pouch and **Abyssal Thread**, and it provides a significant boost to your runecrafting speed.

- XP Lamps:
Dailies can provide you with XP **lamps** (tiny, small, average, large, and huge) which can be placed in most skills after a short time has passed from the point of their release. These provide 20k, 50k, 100k, 1m, and 5m xp respectively. They are very rare and are used by `=lamp size lamp, skill`.

- Clues:
Clues are stackable, *and* there is a new tier of clue, **Grandmaster**. Grandmaster clues require you to complete 50 Master clue scrolls before you can attempt them. They have a unique drop table including some BSO exclusive items such as the **Clue Hunter Outfit** which halves time to complete clue scrolls, and the **Dwarven Blessing** which provides a 20% speed boost to all PvM activities at a cost of 1x Prayer Potion (4) per 5 minutes of the trip.

- Misc:
The **Fish Sack** drops from the Sea Kraken and boosts fishing trip times by 9 minutes. The **Thieves’ Armband** is obtained while training Thieving with the Wilvus pet equipped, it halves your chance to fail a pickpocket attempt. The **Divine Sigil** is from Corp and has the stats of the Elysian. 

## BSO Monsters
Some monsters and their drops are unique to BSO, and some mobs have had their drop tables slightly modified. 

- King Goldemar:
King Goldemar is a group-only boss which drops the Dwarven Warhammer as well as the materials for the smithable dwarven gear pieces. It requires crush attack and defence gear in the melee setup, and other drops are not of particular note.

- Sea Kraken:
The Sea Kraken is a solo boss which drops a lot of raw food items. It requires range attack and magic defence gear in your range setup. It also drops the fish sack which boosts fishing. 

- Treebeard:
Treebeard is a solo boss which drops farming and herblore items. It requires 100 qp to kill and it requires magic attack and magic defence gear in your mage setup.

- Malygos:
Malygos is a solo boss which has some rare abyssal gear drops. It requires 999 qp to kill and an anti dragon shield or an abyssal cape. It drops visages, the dragon hunter lance, a unique pet, and abyssal items.

- Koschei the Deathless:
сидеть

- The Chambers of Xeric, Raids 1:
CoX is a BSO exclusive for now. Equip your best gear (see the [OSRS wiki CoX strategies page](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Chambers_of_Xeric/Strategies) and group with to learn. You must get 200 kc before you can solo raids. Notable drops include the twisted bow and the olmlet pet.

- Nex:
Nex is an endgame boss that requires 95 prayer and a Frozen Key to start. You can either Solo or Mass it and requires some high level ranged gear to fight. It drops Pernix, Torva and Virtus gear. (There's a pin in the #mass-nex channel with information).

## BSO Pets
These BSO-exclusive pets provide some unqiue and powerful perks and are rare drops from the activites listed.

- Doug: obtained from mining, gives random ores when mining
- Zippy: obtained from questing, gives extra clues and mystery boxes when completing clues, has a chance to double the amout of clue caskets obtained
- Shelldon: obtained from fishing, doubles your catch and xp when fishing
- Remy: obtained from cooking, boosts cooking speed for food (except wine)
- Lil Lamb: obtained from alching, boosts xp from offering bones by 1x-3x
- Harry: obtained from Ardougne agility, gives bananas on pvm trips
- Klik: obtained from killing dragons, automatically smelts ores from mining and cooks fish from fishing
- Wintertoad: obtained from  the Wintertodt, halves the duration of Fight Cave attempts
- Scruffy: obtained from Varrock agility, boosts fletching speed
- Zak: obtained from smelting, boosts maximum trip length by 40%
- Hammy: obtained from sacrificing items in excess of 51,530,000 gp, gives free plank-making at sawmills and has a chance to interrupt commands
- Skipper: obtained from penguin agility, removes tax from item sales to the bot, adds 40% sacrifice value, and gives more gp on dailies (passive)
- Ori: obtained from killing Malygos, boosts loot from pvm trips by 25% (rounding up)
- Takon: obtained from completing the Chambers of Xeric, boosts smithing by 5x
- Obis: obtained from runecrafting, gives random runes on any non-pvm trip
- Peky: obtained from woodcutting, gives random seeds on any non-pvm trip
- Brock: obtained from pvm zulrah, gives random logs on any non-pvm trip
- Wilvus: obtained from pickpocketing, gives pre-made pickpocket loot on **ALL TRIPS** (including chance of thieves armband which halves the chance of failing pickpocketing)
- Plopper: obtained from farming, makes it so your crops cant die ever and gives 4x farming yield
- Cob: (2020 Halloween exclusive): 30% boost to the Hallowed Sepulchre, 2x boost to the Nightmare
- Smokey (2020 Christmas exclusive): extra 1 in 15 chance of mystery box roll in any non-pvm trip, 10% chance of extra mystery box roll
- Flappy (2021 Bot Birthday exclusive): 2x loot from minigames
