FAQ.md, before:

[Edit this page on Github](https://github.com/gc/obdocs/blob/master/FAQ.md)

##### How do I see all the things I can do with my minion?
Most of the information on minions is on the [minions page](https://www.oldschool.gg/oldschoolbot/minions).

##### Why do prices in minions differ?
The price depends on your account age. If your discord account is over 1 year old, you get it for free. Less than 1 year, and it costs 50m. You can get this initial 50m from asking friends, or by using `+daily` every day for a while.

#### Is RWT or autotyping against the rules?
YES. You will be banned from the bot, it's not allowed. To date, there has been 100+ users caught doing this and all have been wiped/banned.

##### I found a bug in the bot, where do I report it?
You can either make a github issue in the bot repo: [gc/oldschoolbot](https://github.com/gc/oldschoolbot) OR join the [support server](http://support.oldschool.gg/) and post the bug in the help/support channel.

##### I can't tell which items are which in my bank, how do I see what they are?
You can use `+bank --text` or `+bank --text --full` to see the names of your items.

##### How do I create a Barrows set, or deconstruct a Barrows set into the items?
Here's an example: `+create Dharoks armour set` to turn items into a set, or `+create Dharoks` to turn the set back into the items.

##### How do I sell all my bank, or an entire page, at once?
This is not currently possible, but might be added in a future update.

##### How do I sell items to someone?
You can sell items to other players using the `+sellto` command, which is used like this: `+sellto @person [totalprice] [quantity] [item]`. For example, if you wanted to sell 3 bandos chestplates for a *combined total* of 50m: `+sellto @Magnaboy 50m 3 Bandos chestplate`.

After using the command, both users will have to confirm the sale.

##### I got a pet from `+daily` but it doesn't show in my bank or collection log?
The pets from `+daily` are separate to pets your minion pets, and are only shown in `+mypets`.  You have 2 separate groups of pets, `+mypets` and then you have the real item pets in your `+bank` that you have gotten from killing stuff and training skills.

##### How do I create a godsword?
Example: `+create Bandos godsword` - note it requires you have the required Smithing level. You can pay another player to make it for you, if you wish.

##### How do I search for specific items in my bank?
You can use `+bank --search=name` to search for items in your bank, for example, to see all dragon items in your bank, you could do: `+b --search=dragon`.

##### How do I get runecrafting pouches?
There are 4 pouches, and the bot does a bit differently to ingame. To obtain them, you first need the crafting level required for each tier (1, 10, 20, 30), and then a little bit of leather, and simply `+create medium pouch`.

##### Do I need to equip items to receive the boosts they provide?
Skilling boosts *only* work when equipped in your skilling gear setup, while bossing/PVM boosts currently work either when equipped or when in your bank.

##### How do I get X item?
You get most items exactly the same as you get them in the real game, all monsters drop the same things as ingame.

If it is a quest reward or thing you usually buy from a shop, you can get it by using `+buy`. Graceful can be obtained with 260 marks of grace and using the `+create graceful` command. Note that not all items are currently obtainable via either of these two methods.

##### Will X be added to the bot?
I plan on adding all skills, minigames and bosses from OSRS to the bot. Anything that can reasonably be added will be added in time.

##### Where can I make suggestions for the bot?
Join http://support.oldschool.gg/ and post your suggestion in the suggestions channel and we'll consider adding it.

##### Can you stack clues on Old School Bot?
No, you can't. It works like ingame.

##### How do I equip gear on my minion?
There are 5 different setups; Melee, Range, Mage, Skilling, and Misc. As an example, here's how you can equip a BCP to your melee setup: `+equip melee Bandos Chestplate`. If your doing a boss that needs Melee gear, the bot will check your Melee setup. It's done like this so you don't have to spend a long time equipping and unequipping stuff, you can just have your best stuff in each setup at all times.

The Skilling setup is where you equip skilling-related stuff, for example: Graceful or the Prospector outfit.

Commit message:

Couple new questions and old question fix

FAQ.md, after:

[Edit this page on Github](https://github.com/gc/obdocs/blob/master/FAQ.md)

##### How do I see all the things I can do with my minion?
Most of the information on minions is on the [minions page](https://www.oldschool.gg/oldschoolbot/minions).

##### Why do prices in minions differ?
The price depends on your account age. If your discord account is over 6 months old, you get it for free. Less than 6 months, and it costs 20m. You can get this initial 20m from asking friends, or by using `+daily` every day for a while.

#### Is RWT or autotyping against the rules?
YES. You will be banned from the bot, it's not allowed. To date, there has been 100+ users caught doing this and all have been wiped/banned.

##### I found a bug in the bot, where do I report it?
You can either make a github issue in the bot repo: [gc/oldschoolbot](https://github.com/gc/oldschoolbot) OR join the [support server](http://support.oldschool.gg/) and post the bug in the help/support channel.

##### I can't tell which items are which in my bank, how do I see what they are?
You can use `+bank --text` or `+bank --text --full` to see the names of your items.

##### How do I create a Barrows set, or deconstruct a Barrows set into the items?
Here's an example: `+create Dharoks armour set` to turn items into a set, or `+create Dharoks` to turn the set back into the items.

##### How do I sell all my bank, or an entire page, at once?
This is not currently possible, but might be added in a future update.

##### How do I sell items to someone?
You can sell items to other players using the `+sellto` command, which is used like this: `+sellto @person [totalprice] [quantity] [item]`. For example, if you wanted to sell 3 bandos chestplates for a *combined total* of 50m: `+sellto @Magnaboy 50m 3 Bandos chestplate`.

After using the command, both users will have to confirm the sale.

##### I got a pet from `+daily` but it doesn't show in my bank or collection log?
The pets from `+daily` are separate to pets your minion pets, and are only shown in `+mypets`.  You have 2 separate groups of pets, `+mypets` and then you have the real item pets in your `+bank` that you have gotten from killing stuff and training skills.

##### How do I create a godsword?
Example: `+create Bandos godsword` - note it requires you have the required Smithing level. You can pay another player to make it for you, if you wish.

##### How do I search for specific items in my bank?
You can use `+bank --search=name` to search for items in your bank, for example, to see all dragon items in your bank, you could do: `+b --search=dragon`.

##### How do I get runecrafting pouches?
There are 4 pouches, and the bot does a bit differently to ingame. To obtain them, you first need the crafting level required for each tier (1, 10, 20, 30), and then a little bit of leather, and simply `+create medium pouch`.

##### Do I need to equip items to receive the boosts they provide?
Skilling boosts *only* work when equipped in your skilling gear setup, while bossing/PVM boosts currently work either when equipped or when in your bank.

##### How do I get X item?
You get most items exactly the same as you get them in the real game, all monsters drop the same things as ingame.

If it is a quest reward or thing you usually buy from a shop, you can get it by using `+buy`. Graceful can be obtained with 260 marks of grace and using the `+create graceful` command. Note that not all items are currently obtainable via either of these two methods.

##### Will X be added to the bot?
I plan on adding all skills, minigames and bosses from OSRS to the bot. Anything that can reasonably be added will be added in time.

##### Where can I make suggestions for the bot?
Join http://support.oldschool.gg/ and post your suggestion in the suggestions channel and we'll consider adding it.

##### Can you stack clues on Old School Bot?
No, you can't. It works like ingame.

##### How do I equip gear on my minion?
There are 5 different setups; Melee, Range, Mage, Skilling, and Misc. As an example, here's how you can equip a BCP to your melee setup: `+equip melee Bandos Chestplate`. If your doing a boss that needs Melee gear, the bot will check your Melee setup. It's done like this so you don't have to spend a long time equipping and unequipping stuff, you can just have your best stuff in each setup at all times.

The Skilling setup is where you equip skilling-related stuff, for example: Graceful or the Prospector outfit.

##### How do I get money for a minion?
There's two options: `+daily`, `+dice` or if you're lucky, someone will gift you money.

##### Why can't I use certain commands?
This could be one of 2 reasons: either your account looks like an **alt** or your account is too **new**. Your Discord account needs to be at least **30 days** old.

##### Diango says I got the daily wrong despite it being correct? (Sent after answer)
That means you answered the question late, the incorrect message is a bit delayed is all. Discord lag may also play a part in getting the "wrong" answer despite being correct.

However, if you think that you got it wrong due to a small thing (IE: You said 5 when answer is X5), post the error in #help-and-support so mods can edit question!

##### Why is the bot not responding to any commands?
It's most likely because the prefix was changed due to an update, this will probably be a temporary issue. To see what the current prefix is simply tag the bot. Then use whatever prefix it shows and type `<prefix>prefix <new prefix>`.

It could also have to do with permissions the bot has. If you're not sure how to fix this, always welcome to ask in #help-and-support.

##### The bot says it needs permission to ‘Manage messages’ in order to use a command. How do I do this?
Server settings > Roles > Old School Bot (The auto assigned one) > Turn `Manage Messages` on.
