farming.md, before:

Farming works like ingame, you do a *farm run* to plant stuff (you send your minion out to do it), then you wait some time for it to grow, and in this time, you are free to do any other activity. Then,
when they're ready to be harvested, you send your minion out to harvest and replant. Your minion is only busy for when its doing a farm run to plant/harvest. 

+farm
- Amount of patches to plant in increases with your farming level and amount of Quest Points.
- +farm --plants shows the available plants that are able to be farmed, and farming level / QP needed for more patches. 
- Doing +farm ranarr for the first time plants ranarr seeds and again would harvest the previous herb and plant more ranarr seeds.
- You can also do +farm <quantity> <plant>.
- Automatically applies regular compost if you have it in your bank. (+buy compost).
- Can use supercompost and ultracompost with +farm <plant> --supercompost or +farm <plant> --ultracompost.
- Can choose to pay to protect a plant using +farm <plant> --pay. Some plants allow for use of both compost and payment: +farm <plant> --supercompost --pay.
- To harvest a tree, you need the woodcutting level or 200gp per patch (you will not get logs in this case).
- Wearing full gracefull boosts trips by 10%.
- Owning Farmer's equipment (not needing to be worn) gives xp boost. 
- Having magic secateurs or farming cape in bank boosts your yield by 10% and 5% respectively.

+harvest
- +harvest <patch-name> harvests the specific patch desired and leaves it empty (no seeds planted).

+tithefarm
- This is the tithe farm minigame. Your minion begins inefficient and learns to be better. End efficiency is all 100 fruits harvested and optimal time (20 mins, 30 secs).
- Graceful is needed for optimal time (10% boost). 
- Owning Farmer's equipment (not neededing to be worn) gives xp boost. 
- `+tithefarm --points` shows you how many tithe farm points you have.
- You can use tithe farm points to buy farmer's outfit through the shop. `+buy Farmer's jacket` for example.

+farmingcontract OR +fc
- Need 45 farming to be assigned a contract.
- Can specify +fc easy, +fc medium, +fc hard for contract level. If current contract is med/hard, can do +fc easier to be assigned an easy contract instead.
- +fc current shows current contract. 
- +fc completed shows # of completed contracts.
- When you complete a contract, you are awarded a seed pack. You must `+seedpack` to open it before requesting a new contract.

+checkpatch
- Tells you the status of your patches: whether patch is empty, whether patch has something growing, or whether patch is fully grown.

Ultracompost and volcanic ash and baskets of crops
- Can mine volcanic ash.
- Can +create ultracompost if you have 1x supercompost and 2x volcanic ash.
- Can +create potatoes(10)  for a sack of potatoes and +create potato to remove from sack. (Works with common crops such as onions, tomatoes, strawberries, bananas, etc)

Commit message:

Update command and add ring of endurance boost
- The command to buy farmer's clothing pieces was recently moved from `+buy` to `+tithefarmshop` or `+tfs`. Example: `+tfs farmer's hat`
- Added that the ring of endurance boosts trips by 10%.

farming.md, after:

Farming works like ingame, you do a *farm run* to plant stuff (you send your minion out to do it), then you wait some time for it to grow, and in this time, you are free to do any other activity. Then,
when they're ready to be harvested, you send your minion out to harvest and replant. Your minion is only busy for when its doing a farm run to plant/harvest. 

+farm
- Amount of patches to plant in increases with your farming level and amount of Quest Points.
- +farm --plants shows the available plants that are able to be farmed, and farming level / QP needed for more patches. 
- Doing +farm ranarr for the first time plants ranarr seeds and again would harvest the previous herb and plant more ranarr seeds.
- You can also do +farm <quantity> <plant>.
- Automatically applies regular compost if you have it in your bank. (+buy compost).
- Can use supercompost and ultracompost with +farm <plant> --supercompost or +farm <plant> --ultracompost.
- Can choose to pay to protect a plant using +farm <plant> --pay. Some plants allow for use of both compost and payment: +farm <plant> --supercompost --pay.
- To harvest a tree, you need the woodcutting level or 200gp per patch (you will not get logs in this case).
- Wearing full gracefull boosts trips by 10%.
- Wearing ring of endurance anywhere boosts trips by 10%.
- Owning Farmer's equipment (not needing to be worn) gives xp boost. 
- Having magic secateurs or farming cape in bank boosts your yield by 10% and 5% respectively.

+harvest
- +harvest <patch-name> harvests the specific patch desired and leaves it empty (no seeds planted).

+tithefarm
- This is the tithe farm minigame. Your minion begins inefficient and learns to be better. End efficiency is all 100 fruits harvested and optimal time (20 mins, 30 secs).
- Graceful is needed for optimal time (10% boost). 
- Owning Farmer's equipment (not neededing to be worn) gives xp boost. 
- `+tithefarm --points` shows you how many tithe farm points you have.
- You can use tithe farm points to buy farmer's outfit through the shop. `+tithefarmshop Farmer's jacket` or `+tfs farmers hat` for example.

+farmingcontract OR +fc
- Need 45 farming to be assigned a contract.
- Can specify +fc easy, +fc medium, +fc hard for contract level. If current contract is med/hard, can do +fc easier to be assigned an easy contract instead.
- +fc current shows current contract. 
- +fc completed shows # of completed contracts.
- When you complete a contract, you are awarded a seed pack. You must `+seedpack` to open it before requesting a new contract.

+checkpatch
- Tells you the status of your patches: whether patch is empty, whether patch has something growing, or whether patch is fully grown.

Ultracompost and volcanic ash and baskets of crops
- Can mine volcanic ash.
- Can +create ultracompost if you have 1x supercompost and 2x volcanic ash.
- Can +create potatoes(10)  for a sack of potatoes and +create potato to remove from sack. (Works with common crops such as onions, tomatoes, strawberries, bananas, etc)
