bso/skills/herblore.md, before:

---
description: /mix
---

# Herblore

### Custom Content and Boosts

* Heat res. potions

1. Create Athelas paste from crushing the Athelas herb. /`mix name: athelas paste`
2. Craft Heat res. vials with molten glass and athelas paste. /`craft name: heat res. vial`
3. Mix a Super antifire, 4-dose brew/restore into the heat res. vial. E.g. /`mix name: heat res. brew`.

* Enhanced Potions

1. Create Crystal Dust from crystal shards. `/create name:crystal dust`
2. Combine Korulsi and 10 Crystal Dust with one base potion. (Stamina, Restore, Brew, Divine Water)

* Neem Oil - made with Neem Drupe and Jug of Water.
* Dragon's Fury - (a potion made at 120 herblore using 3 Ignecarus Scales and 1 Abyssal Dragon Bones)
* [Herblore Master Cape](../custom-items/equippables/#master-capes) - 10% chance per potion made to get an extra potion
* [Mecha Mortar](invention/#inventions) - 45% Speed boost to Herblore
* [Herbert ](../custom-items/pets.md#meme-pets-and-no-perk-pets)- Perkless pet found while Mixing

### Optimal Gear Setup

Herblore master cape, Invention materials for Mecha Mortar invention

### Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>Method</th><th>Xp / Hr</th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Heat Res. Potions</td><td>5,168,727</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Enhanced Potions</td><td>3,595,636</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Simple Kibble</td><td>5,562,000</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Commit message:

GITBOOK-412: Efficient Divination training part 1

bso/skills/herblore.md, after:

---
description: /mix
---

# Herblore

### Custom Content and Boosts

#### Heat res. potions

1. Create Athelas paste from crushing the Athelas herb. /`mix name: athelas paste`
2. Craft Heat res. vials with molten glass and athelas paste. /`craft name: heat res. vial`
3. Mix a Super antifire, 4-dose brew/restore into the heat res. vial. E.g. /`mix name: heat res. brew`.

#### Enhanced Potions

1. Create Crystal Dust from crystal shards. `/create name:crystal dust`
2. Combine Korulsi and 10 Crystal Dust with one base potion. (Stamina, Restore, Brew, Divine Water)

#### Divination potion

1. Mix 1x Advax berry with 1x Spirit weed.
2. Grants variable extra energy/xp and +10 level boost when harvesting memories. This allows you to harvest higher tiers without the required level.

* Neem Oil - made with Neem Drupe and Jug of Water.
* Dragon's Fury - (a potion made at 120 herblore using 3 Ignecarus Scales and 1 Abyssal Dragon Bones)
* [Herblore Master Cape](../custom-items/equippables/#master-capes) - 10% chance per potion made to get an extra potion
* [Mecha Mortar](invention/#inventions) - 45% Speed boost to Herblore
* [Herbert ](../custom-items/pets.md#meme-pets-and-no-perk-pets)- Perkless pet found while Mixing

### Optimal Gear Setup

Herblore master cape, Invention materials for Mecha Mortar invention

### Methods

<table><thead><tr><th>Method</th><th>Xp / Hr</th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Heat Res. Potions</td><td>5,168,727</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Enhanced Potions</td><td>3,595,636</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Simple Kibble</td><td>5,562,000</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
