skills/agility/README.md, before:

# Agility

Agility is required to participate in a variety of activities.

| Level | Activity          | Bonus                   |
| ----- | ----------------- | ----------------------- |
| 15    | Barbarian Fishing |                         |
| 50    | Rogues' Den       | Becomes 40% at level 80 |
| 70    | Commander Zilyana |                         |

## Training Methods

Agility can be trained by using the command `+laps [quantity] <course>`. For example: `+laps 10 canifis`.

You can check your total lap counts with the `+m lapcounts` command.

### Rooftop Agility

Rooftop agility courses reward the player with marks of grace which can be used to buy pieces of the Graceful outfit, using the command `/create`` `**`item:`**`Graceful` **** this will take 260 marks of grace and create the entire outfit at once, and amylase packs using the command `+buy [quantity] amylase pack`, which will give you 100 amylase crystals per amylase pack costing 10 marks of grace each.

### [Hallowed Sepulchre](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/hallowed-sepulchre)

From level 52 agility, the player may train agility using the command `/minigames sepulchre start`, which also requires full Graceful equipped in your skilling setup. You will progressively get better at plundering the sepulchre as your agility level increases, peaking at 92 agility.

### [Brimhaven Agility Arena](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/brimhaven-agility-arena)

The Brimhaven Agility Arena rewards the player with Agility tickets which can be used to purchase cosmetic rewards or agility XP, using the command `+agilityarena`.

## Courses

| **Course**       | **Required Level** | **XP Per Lap** | **Lap Time** | **Xp/Hr** | **Marks of Grace/Hr** |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | -------------- | ------------ | --------- | --------------------- |
| Gnome Stronghold | 1                  | 88             | 34           | 9,320     | 0                     |
| Draynor Village  | 10                 | 120            | 43.2         | 10,000    | 12                    |
| Al Kharid        | 20                 | 180            | 64.8         | 10,000    | 8                     |
| Varrock          | 30                 | 238            | 66           | 13,000    | 12                    |
| Penguin Agility  | 30                 | 540            | 65.6         | 29,160    | 0                     |
| Canifis          | 40                 | 240            | 75           | 19,200    | 19                    |
| Ape Atoll        | 48                 | 580            | 45           | 46,400    | 0                     |
| Falador          | 50                 | 440            | 58.2         | 27,200    | 13                    |
| Seers Village    | 60                 | 570            | 44.4         | 46,200    | 12                    |
| Pollnivneach     | 70                 | 890            | 61.2         | 52,300    | 9                     |
| Rellekka         | 80                 | 780            | 51           | 55,000    | 14                    |
| Ardougne         | 90                 | 793            | 45.6         | 62,600    | 24                    |

Commit message:

GitBook: [#498] Added Prif Course with data from OSRS Wiki Page

skills/agility/README.md, after:

# Agility

Agility is required to participate in a variety of activities.

| Level | Activity          | Bonus                 |
| ----- | ----------------- | --------------------- |
| 15    | Barbarian Fishing |                       |
| 50    | Rogues' Den       | 40% boost at level 80 |
| 70    | Commander Zilyana |                       |

## Training Methods

Agility can be trained by using the command `+laps [quantity] <course>`. For example: `+laps 10 canifis`.

You can check your total lap counts with the `+m lapcounts` command.

### Rooftop Agility

Rooftop agility courses reward the player with marks of grace which can be used to buy pieces of the Graceful outfit (260 marks for full outfit). You can also purchase Amylase packs which will give you 100 amylase crystals per amylase pack, costing 10 marks of grace each.&#x20;

To create full graceful in 1 command or buy pieces individually:

* `/create`` `**`item:`**` ``Graceful`
* `/create`` `**`item:`**` ``Graceful (piece)`

To buy Amylase crystals (1 quantity = 100 crystals)

* `+buy [quantity] amylase pack`

### [Hallowed Sepulchre](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/hallowed-sepulchre)

From level 52 agility, the player may train agility using the command `/minigames sepulchre start`, which also requires full Graceful equipped in your skilling setup. You will progressively get better at plundering the sepulchre as your agility level increases, peaking at 92 agility.

### [Brimhaven Agility Arena](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/brimhaven-agility-arena)

The Brimhaven Agility Arena rewards the player with Agility tickets which can be used to purchase cosmetic rewards or agility XP, using the command `+agilityarena`.

## Courses

| **Course**       | **Required Level** | **XP Per Lap** | **Lap Time** | **Xp/Hr** | **Marks of Grace/Hr** |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | -------------- | ------------ | --------- | --------------------- |
| Gnome Stronghold | 1                  | 88             | 34           | 9,320     | 0                     |
| Draynor Village  | 10                 | 120            | 43.2         | 10,000    | 12                    |
| Al Kharid        | 20                 | 180            | 64.8         | 10,000    | 8                     |
| Varrock          | 30                 | 238            | 66           | 13,000    | 12                    |
| Penguin Agility  | 30                 | 540            | 65.6         | 29,160    | 0                     |
| Canifis          | 40                 | 240            | 75           | 19,200    | 19                    |
| Ape Atoll        | 48                 | 580            | 45           | 46,400    | 0                     |
| Falador          | 50                 | 440            | 58.2         | 27,200    | 13                    |
| Seers Village    | 60                 | 570            | 44.4         | 46,200    | 12                    |
| Pollnivneach     | 70                 | 890            | 61.2         | 52,300    | 9                     |
| Prifddinas\*     | 75                 | 1340           | 74           | 65,180    | 0                     |
| Rellekka         | 80                 | 780            | 51           | 55,000    | 14                    |
| Ardougne         | 90                 | 793            | 45.6         | 62,600    | 24                    |

\* - Please note you will NOT receive crystal shards or marks of grace from the Priff agil course.
