miscellaneous/buyables.md, before:

# Buyables

There are numerous items you can simply acquire from the bot itself.

Not all items are purchased with gp and some require quest points to purchase.

Every item on this page can be purchase with the following command:&#x20;

`+buy (quantity) (itemName)` - Quantity is optional

### List of Buyables

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Skilling Materials" %}
|                            |           |                         |
| -------------------------- | :-------: | ----------------------- |
| **Item Name**              | **Price** | **Other Requirements**  |
| Air rune                   |     15    | N/A                     |
| Earth rune                 |     15    | N/A                     |
| Water rune                 |     15    | N/A                     |
| Fire rune                  |     15    | N/A                     |
| Body rune                  |     20    | N/A                     |
| Mind rune                  |     25    | N/A                     |
| Fishing bait               |     20    | N/A                     |
| Feather                    |     50    | N/A                     |
| Jug of water               |    100    | N/A                     |
| Vial                       |     30    | N/A                     |
| Vial of water              |     60    | N/A                     |
| Cup of hot water           |   1,500   | N/A                     |
| Eye of newt                |    300    | N/A                     |
| Chocolate bar              |   1,000   | N/A                     |
| Torstol                    |     0     | 1x Torstol Potion (unf) |
| Ball of wool               |    300    | N/A                     |
| Compost                    |    400    | N/A                     |
| Amylase pack               |     0     | 10x Marks of Grace      |
| Bolt of cloth              |   5,000   | N/A                     |
| Limestone brick            |   1,000   | N/A                     |
| Gold leaf                  |  500,000  | N/A                     |
| Marble block               | 1,000,000 | N/A                     |
| Magic stone                | 4,000,000 | N/A                     |
| Red dye                    |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Skull                      |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Bucket of water            |    500    | N/A                     |
| Fairy enchantment          |  100,000  | 23 Quest Points         |
| Lunar signet               |  100,000  | 52 Quest Points         |
| Ancient signet             |  100,000  | 105 Quest Points        |
| Butterfly jar              |    500    | N/A                     |
| Magic Box                  |   1,500   | N/A                     |
| Broad arrows               |    250    | N/A                     |
| Broad arrowheads           |    225    | N/A                     |
| Broad arrowhead pack       |   22,500  | N/A                     |
| Unfinished broad bolts     |    225    | N/A                     |
| Unfinished broad bolt pack |   22,500  | N/A                     |
| Enchanted gem              |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Leaf-bladed spear          |  310,000  | N/A                     |
| Facemask                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Earmuffs                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Nose peg                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Slayer's staff             |  210,000  | N/A                     |
| Spiny helmet               |   65,000  | N/A                     |
| Boots of stone             |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Antipoison(4)              |   10,000  | N/A                     |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Quest Items" %}
|                        |            |                        |
| ---------------------- | :--------: | ---------------------- |
| **Item Name**          |  **Price** | **Other Requirements** |
| Anti-dragon shield     |   10,000   | 35 Quest Points        |
| Salve amulet           |   200,000  | 35 Crafting + 58QP     |
| Goldsmith gauntlets    |  1,000,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Cooking gauntlets      |  1,000,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Hardleather gloves     |   50,000   | 5 Quest Points         |
| Bronze gloves          |   100,000  | 10 Quest Points        |
| Iron gloves            |   200,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Steel gloves           |   300,000  | 25 Quest Points        |
| Black gloves           |   400,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Mithril gloves         |   500,000  | 50 Quest Points        |
| Adamant gloves         |   600,000  | 65 Quest Points        |
| Rune gloves            |   700,000  | 85 Quest Points        |
| Dragon gloves          |   850,000  | 107 Quest Points       |
| Barrows gloves         |  1,000,000 | 175 Quest Points       |
| Helm of neitiznot      |   500,000  | 75 Quest Points        |
| Magic secateurs        |  2,500,000 | 40 Quest Points        |
| Iban's staff           |   300,000  | 30 Quest Points        |
| Barrelchest anchor     |  2,000,000 | 30 Quest Points        |
| Mythical cape          |  1,000,000 | 205 Quest Points       |
| Elemental shield       |  2,500,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Mind shield            |   100,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Dwarven helmet         |   100,000  | 52 Quest Points        |
| Amulet of accuracy     |   50,000   | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cape of legends        |   250,000  | 105 Quest Points       |
| Bearhead               |  1,000,000 | 105 Quest Points       |
| Bonesack               |  1,000,000 | 82 Quest Points        |
| Ram skull helm         |  1,000,000 | 82 Quest Points        |
| Monkey                 |  1,000,000 | 182 Quest Points       |
| Rat pole               |   200,000  | 85 Quest Points        |
| Silverlight            |   50,000   | 3 Quest Points         |
| Darklight              |   200,000  | 58 Quest Points        |
| Lunar outfit           |  5,000,000 | 120 Quest Points       |
| Moonclan outfit        |  5,000,000 | 120 Quest Points       |
| Jester outfit          |  5,000,000 | 89 Quest Points        |
| Ardougne Knight outfit |  5,000,000 | 200 Quest Points       |
| Desert outfit          |  1,000,000 | 20 Quest Points        |
| Vyrewatch outfit       |  1,000,000 | 92 Quest Points        |
| Climbing boots         |   100,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Pirate boots           |   100,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Warrior helm           |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Berserker helm         |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Archer helm            |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Farseer helm           |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Doctor's hat           |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Medical gown           |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Ring of charos         |   100,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Nurse hat              |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Holy wrench            |   70,000   | 70 Quest Points        |
| Initiate outfit        |   250,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Proselyte outfit       |   500,000  | 75 Quest Points        |
| Excalibur              |   50,000   | 15 Quest Points        |
| Bomber jacket          |   50,000   | 21 Quest Points        |
| Bomber cap             |   50,000   | 21 Quest Points        |
| Pet rock               |   500,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Dwarf multicannon      | 10,000,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon barrels         |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon base            |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon furnace         |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon stand           |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Achievements" %}
|                        |           |                             |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | --------------------------- |
| **Item Name**          | **Price** | **Other Requirements**      |
| Quest Cape             |   99,000  | Maximum Quest Points        |
| Achievement diary cape | 1,000,000 | All Elite Dairies Completed |
| Max cape               | 2,277,000 | Level 99 in All Skills      |
| Xeric's guard          |  100,000  | Completed 100 CoX CMs       |
| Xeric's warrior        |  500,000  | Completed 500 CoX CMs       |
| Xeric's sentinel       | 1,000,000 | Completed 1,000 CoX CMs     |
| Xeric's general        | 1,500,000 | Completed 1,500 CoX CMs     |
| Xeric's champion       | 2,000,000 | Completed 2,000 CoX CMs     |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 1  |  100,000  | Completed 100 ToBs          |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 2  |  500,000  | Completed 500 ToBs          |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 3  |  500,000  | Completed 1,000 ToBs        |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 4  |  500,000  | Completed 1,500 ToBs        |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 5  |  500,000  | Completed 2,000 ToBs        |


{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Minigames" %}
|                             |                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Item Name**               | **Price**                                                                                           |
| Raw Shark                   | 40x Minnow                                                                                          |
| Hallowed crystal shard      | 1x Hallowed mark                                                                                    |
| Hallowed token              | 10x Hallowed mark                                                                                   |
| Hallowed grapple            | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed focus              | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed symbol             | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed hammer             | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed ring               | 250x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Dark dye                    | 300x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Dark acorn                  | 3,000x Hallowed mark                                                                                |
| Dark squirrel               | 1x Giant squirrel, 1x Dark acorn                                                                    |
| Prospector helmet           | 40x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector jacket           | 60x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector legs             | 50x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector boots            | 30x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Coal bag                    | 100x Golden nugget                                                                                  |
| Gem bag                     | 100x Golden nugget                                                                                  |
| Bag full of gems            | 40x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Bag full of gems (minerals) | 20x Unidentified minerals                                                                           |
| Mining gloves               | 60x Unidentified minerals                                                                           |
| Superior mining gloves      | 120x Unidentified minerals                                                                          |
| Expert mining gloves        | Mining Gloves + Superior Mining Gloves + 60 Unidentified minerals                                   |
| Chompy Bird Hats            | See the [Big Chompy Bird Hunting](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/big-chompy-bird-hunting) page |
| Castle Wars Armour/Items    | See the [Castle Wars](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/castle-wars) page                         |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Cosmetics" %}
|                        |           |                        |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | ---------------------- |
| **Item Name**          | **Price** | **Other Requirements** |
| Prince outfit          |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Princess outfit        |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Frog mask              |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Fremennik green cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik blue cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik brown cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik cyan cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik red cloak    |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik grey cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik yellow cloak |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik teal cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik purple cloak |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik pink cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik black cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey hat               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey gloves            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey robe top          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey robe bottom       |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red hat                |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red gloves             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red robe top           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red robe bottoms       |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red boots              |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow hat             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow gloves          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow robe top        |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow robe bottom     |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow boots           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal hat               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal gloves            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal robe top          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal robe bottoms      |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple hat             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple gloves          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple robe top        |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple robe bottoms    |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple boots           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red cape               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Black cape             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Blue cape              |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow cape            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Green cape             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Pink boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Cream boots            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Blue boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Green boots            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Turquoise boots        |  100,000  | N/A                    |


{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Other" %}
|                    |           |                            |
| ------------------ | :-------: | -------------------------- |
| **Item Name**      | **Price** | **Other Requirements**     |
| Shield right half  | 1,000,000 | 111 Quest Points           |
| Dragon metal shard | 2,500,000 | 205 Quest Points           |
| Dragon scimitar    |  500,000  | 105 Quest Points           |
| Fishbowl pet       |  500,000  | N/A                        |
| Potato with cheese |    650    | Level 65 Attack & Strength |
| Beer               | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Vodka              | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Gin                | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Ogre bow           |  200,000  | N/A                        |
| Sandworms          |    500    | N/A                        |
| Granite body       |   95,000  | 10kc at Barbarian Assault  |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Commit message:

GitBook: [#483] iron prices link from buyables

miscellaneous/buyables.md, after:

# Buyables

There are various useful items you can buy from the bot, not all are purchased with just GP and some require quest points or other minigame requirements to purchase.

Every item on this page can be purchase with the following command:&#x20;

`+buy quantity itemName` - Quantity is optional

Prices are inflated in comparison to Oldschool RuneScape to act as more of a GP sink on the bot, if your minion is an Ironman you will get the same prices as on Oldschool RuneScape for _most_ items, these can be viewed [here](../getting-started/ironman-mode.md#ironman-prices)

### List of Buyables

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Skilling Materials" %}
|                            |           |                         |
| -------------------------- | :-------: | ----------------------- |
| **Item Name**              | **Price** | **Other Requirements**  |
| Air rune                   |     15    | N/A                     |
| Earth rune                 |     15    | N/A                     |
| Water rune                 |     15    | N/A                     |
| Fire rune                  |     15    | N/A                     |
| Body rune                  |     20    | N/A                     |
| Mind rune                  |     25    | N/A                     |
| Fishing bait               |     20    | N/A                     |
| Feather                    |     50    | N/A                     |
| Jug of water               |    100    | N/A                     |
| Vial                       |     30    | N/A                     |
| Vial of water              |     60    | N/A                     |
| Cup of hot water           |   1,500   | N/A                     |
| Eye of newt                |    300    | N/A                     |
| Chocolate bar              |   1,000   | N/A                     |
| Torstol                    |     0     | 1x Torstol Potion (unf) |
| Ball of wool               |    300    | N/A                     |
| Compost                    |    400    | N/A                     |
| Amylase pack               |     0     | 10x Marks of Grace      |
| Bolt of cloth              |   5,000   | N/A                     |
| Limestone brick            |   1,000   | N/A                     |
| Gold leaf                  |  500,000  | N/A                     |
| Marble block               | 1,000,000 | N/A                     |
| Magic stone                | 4,000,000 | N/A                     |
| Red dye                    |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Skull                      |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Bucket of water            |    500    | N/A                     |
| Fairy enchantment          |  100,000  | 23 Quest Points         |
| Lunar signet               |  100,000  | 52 Quest Points         |
| Ancient signet             |  100,000  | 105 Quest Points        |
| Butterfly jar              |    500    | N/A                     |
| Magic Box                  |   1,500   | N/A                     |
| Broad arrows               |    250    | N/A                     |
| Broad arrowheads           |    225    | N/A                     |
| Broad arrowhead pack       |   22,500  | N/A                     |
| Unfinished broad bolts     |    225    | N/A                     |
| Unfinished broad bolt pack |   22,500  | N/A                     |
| Enchanted gem              |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Leaf-bladed spear          |  310,000  | N/A                     |
| Facemask                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Earmuffs                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Nose peg                   |   20,000  | N/A                     |
| Slayer's staff             |  210,000  | N/A                     |
| Spiny helmet               |   65,000  | N/A                     |
| Boots of stone             |  100,000  | N/A                     |
| Antipoison(4)              |   10,000  | N/A                     |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Quest Items" %}
|                        |            |                        |
| ---------------------- | :--------: | ---------------------- |
| **Item Name**          |  **Price** | **Other Requirements** |
| Anti-dragon shield     |   10,000   | 35 Quest Points        |
| Salve amulet           |   200,000  | 35 Crafting + 58QP     |
| Goldsmith gauntlets    |  1,000,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Cooking gauntlets      |  1,000,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Hardleather gloves     |   50,000   | 5 Quest Points         |
| Bronze gloves          |   100,000  | 10 Quest Points        |
| Iron gloves            |   200,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Steel gloves           |   300,000  | 25 Quest Points        |
| Black gloves           |   400,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Mithril gloves         |   500,000  | 50 Quest Points        |
| Adamant gloves         |   600,000  | 65 Quest Points        |
| Rune gloves            |   700,000  | 85 Quest Points        |
| Dragon gloves          |   850,000  | 107 Quest Points       |
| Barrows gloves         |  1,000,000 | 175 Quest Points       |
| Helm of neitiznot      |   500,000  | 75 Quest Points        |
| Magic secateurs        |  2,500,000 | 40 Quest Points        |
| Iban's staff           |   300,000  | 30 Quest Points        |
| Barrelchest anchor     |  2,000,000 | 30 Quest Points        |
| Mythical cape          |  1,000,000 | 205 Quest Points       |
| Elemental shield       |  2,500,000 | 25 Quest Points        |
| Mind shield            |   100,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Dwarven helmet         |   100,000  | 52 Quest Points        |
| Amulet of accuracy     |   50,000   | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cape of legends        |   250,000  | 105 Quest Points       |
| Bearhead               |  1,000,000 | 105 Quest Points       |
| Bonesack               |  1,000,000 | 82 Quest Points        |
| Ram skull helm         |  1,000,000 | 82 Quest Points        |
| Monkey                 |  1,000,000 | 182 Quest Points       |
| Rat pole               |   200,000  | 85 Quest Points        |
| Silverlight            |   50,000   | 3 Quest Points         |
| Darklight              |   200,000  | 58 Quest Points        |
| Lunar outfit           |  5,000,000 | 120 Quest Points       |
| Moonclan outfit        |  5,000,000 | 120 Quest Points       |
| Jester outfit          |  5,000,000 | 89 Quest Points        |
| Ardougne Knight outfit |  5,000,000 | 200 Quest Points       |
| Desert outfit          |  1,000,000 | 20 Quest Points        |
| Vyrewatch outfit       |  1,000,000 | 92 Quest Points        |
| Climbing boots         |   100,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Pirate boots           |   100,000  | 20 Quest Points        |
| Warrior helm           |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Berserker helm         |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Archer helm            |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Farseer helm           |   780,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Doctor's hat           |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Medical gown           |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Ring of charos         |   100,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Nurse hat              |   60,000   | 60 Quest Points        |
| Holy wrench            |   70,000   | 70 Quest Points        |
| Initiate outfit        |   250,000  | 35 Quest Points        |
| Proselyte outfit       |   500,000  | 75 Quest Points        |
| Excalibur              |   50,000   | 15 Quest Points        |
| Bomber jacket          |   50,000   | 21 Quest Points        |
| Bomber cap             |   50,000   | 21 Quest Points        |
| Pet rock               |   500,000  | 60 Quest Points        |
| Dwarf multicannon      | 10,000,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon barrels         |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon base            |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon furnace         |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
| Cannon stand           |  2,500,000 | 5 Quest Points         |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Achievements" %}
|                        |           |                             |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | --------------------------- |
| **Item Name**          | **Price** | **Other Requirements**      |
| Quest Cape             |   99,000  | Maximum Quest Points        |
| Achievement diary cape | 1,000,000 | All Elite Dairies Completed |
| Max cape               | 2,277,000 | Level 99 in All Skills      |
| Xeric's guard          |  100,000  | Completed 100 CoX CMs       |
| Xeric's warrior        |  500,000  | Completed 500 CoX CMs       |
| Xeric's sentinel       | 1,000,000 | Completed 1,000 CoX CMs     |
| Xeric's general        | 1,500,000 | Completed 1,500 CoX CMs     |
| Xeric's champion       | 2,000,000 | Completed 2,000 CoX CMs     |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 1  |  100,000  | Completed 100 ToBs          |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 2  |  500,000  | Completed 500 ToBs          |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 3  |  500,000  | Completed 1,000 ToBs        |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 4  |  500,000  | Completed 1,500 ToBs        |
| Sinhaza shroud tier 5  |  500,000  | Completed 2,000 ToBs        |


{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Minigames" %}
|                             |                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Item Name**               | **Price**                                                                                           |
| Raw Shark                   | 40x Minnow                                                                                          |
| Hallowed crystal shard      | 1x Hallowed mark                                                                                    |
| Hallowed token              | 10x Hallowed mark                                                                                   |
| Hallowed grapple            | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed focus              | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed symbol             | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed hammer             | 100x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Hallowed ring               | 250x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Dark dye                    | 300x Hallowed mark                                                                                  |
| Dark acorn                  | 3,000x Hallowed mark                                                                                |
| Dark squirrel               | 1x Giant squirrel, 1x Dark acorn                                                                    |
| Prospector helmet           | 40x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector jacket           | 60x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector legs             | 50x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Prospector boots            | 30x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Coal bag                    | 100x Golden nugget                                                                                  |
| Gem bag                     | 100x Golden nugget                                                                                  |
| Bag full of gems            | 40x Golden nugget                                                                                   |
| Bag full of gems (minerals) | 20x Unidentified minerals                                                                           |
| Mining gloves               | 60x Unidentified minerals                                                                           |
| Superior mining gloves      | 120x Unidentified minerals                                                                          |
| Expert mining gloves        | Mining Gloves + Superior Mining Gloves + 60 Unidentified minerals                                   |
| Chompy Bird Hats            | See the [Big Chompy Bird Hunting](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/big-chompy-bird-hunting) page |
| Castle Wars Armour/Items    | See the [Castle Wars](https://wiki.oldschool.gg/minigames/castle-wars) page                         |
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Cosmetics" %}
|                        |           |                        |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | ---------------------- |
| **Item Name**          | **Price** | **Other Requirements** |
| Prince outfit          |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Princess outfit        |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Frog mask              |     0     | 1x Frog Token          |
| Fremennik green cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik blue cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik brown cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik cyan cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik red cloak    |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik grey cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik yellow cloak |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik teal cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik purple cloak |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik pink cloak   |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Fremennik black cloak  |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey hat               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey gloves            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey robe top          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey robe bottom       |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Grey boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red hat                |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red gloves             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red robe top           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red robe bottoms       |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red boots              |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow hat             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow gloves          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow robe top        |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow robe bottom     |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow boots           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal hat               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal gloves            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal robe top          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal robe bottoms      |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Teal boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple hat             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple gloves          |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple robe top        |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple robe bottoms    |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Purple boots           |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Red cape               |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Black cape             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Blue cape              |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Yellow cape            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Green cape             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Pink boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Cream boots            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Blue boots             |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Green boots            |  100,000  | N/A                    |
| Turquoise boots        |  100,000  | N/A                    |


{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Other" %}
|                    |           |                            |
| ------------------ | :-------: | -------------------------- |
| **Item Name**      | **Price** | **Other Requirements**     |
| Shield right half  | 1,000,000 | 111 Quest Points           |
| Dragon metal shard | 2,500,000 | 205 Quest Points           |
| Dragon scimitar    |  500,000  | 105 Quest Points           |
| Fishbowl pet       |  500,000  | N/A                        |
| Potato with cheese |    650    | Level 65 Attack & Strength |
| Beer               | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Vodka              | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Gin                | 1,000,000 | N/A                        |
| Ogre bow           |  200,000  | N/A                        |
| Sandworms          |    500    | N/A                        |
| Granite body       |   95,000  | 10kc at Barbarian Assault  |
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
