miscellaneous/kourend-favour.md, before:

# Kourend Favour

Kourend favour can be attained using `+favour (housename)`

The below table shows a summary of stat and item requirements, along with time to complete 100% favour.&#x20;

|                |                                                      |                                                                            |                         |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| **House Name** | **Required Items**                                   | **Required Stats**                                                         | **Time For Completion** |
| Arceuus        | 2 x Stamina potion(4)                                | None                                                                       | 60 minutes              |
| Hosidius       | <p>950 Compost<br>950 Saltpetre</p>                  | None                                                                       | 40 minutes              |
| Lovakengj      | None                                                 | <p>65 Mining<br>73 Smithing</p>                                            | 200 minutes             |
| Piscarilius    | <p>45 Plank<br>25 Steel Bar</p>                      | <p>30 Crafting<br>15 Hunter</p>                                            | 120 minutes             |
| Shayzien       | <p>2 x Stamina potion(4)<br>2 x Prayer potion(4)</p> | <p>50 Attack<br>50 Strength<br>50 Defence<br>50 Hitpoints<br>43 Prayer</p> | 60 minutes              |

### Activities Requiring Favour

* You need 65% Hosidius to farm Grapes, and use the Farming guild.
* You need 75% Hosidius for chopping redwoods.
* You need 100% Hosidius to use the Tithe Farm.
* You need 100% Arceuus to build the Dark/Occult Altar in your PoH.
* You need 100% Arceuus for the Dark Altar (blood/soul RCing).
* You need 100% Piscarilius to fish Anglerfish.
* You need 100% Shayzien to kill Lizardman shamans.

Commit message:

GitBook: [#456] --ns on favour page

miscellaneous/kourend-favour.md, after:

# Kourend Favour

Kourend favour can be attained using `+favour (housename)`

For Shayzien and Arceeus favour you can use `--ns` (no stamina), this will use no stamina potions, however, the trip will be a lot longer.

The below table shows a summary of stat and item requirements, along with time to complete 100% favour.&#x20;

|                |                                                      |                                                                            |                         |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| **House Name** | **Required Items**                                   | **Required Stats**                                                         | **Time For Completion** |
| Arceuus        | 2 x Stamina potion(4)                                | None                                                                       | 60 minutes              |
| Hosidius       | <p>950 Compost<br>950 Saltpetre</p>                  | None                                                                       | 40 minutes              |
| Lovakengj      | None                                                 | <p>65 Mining<br>73 Smithing</p>                                            | 200 minutes             |
| Piscarilius    | <p>45 Plank<br>25 Steel Bar</p>                      | <p>30 Crafting<br>15 Hunter</p>                                            | 120 minutes             |
| Shayzien       | <p>2 x Stamina potion(4)<br>2 x Prayer potion(4)</p> | <p>50 Attack<br>50 Strength<br>50 Defence<br>50 Hitpoints<br>43 Prayer</p> | 60 minutes              |

### Activities Requiring Favour

* You need 65% Hosidius to farm Grapes, and use the Farming guild.
* You need 75% Hosidius for chopping redwoods.
* You need 100% Hosidius to use the Tithe Farm.
* You need 100% Arceuus to build the Dark/Occult Altar in your PoH.
* You need 100% Arceuus for the Dark Altar (blood/soul RCing).
* You need 100% Piscarilius to fish Anglerfish.
* You need 100% Shayzien to kill Lizardman shamans.
