bosses/fight-caves.md, before:

# Fight Caves

### Overview

You can challenge the Fight Caves and TzTok-Jad to receive a fire cape, tokkul, and the TzRek-Jad pet using the `+fightcaves` command. Better range gear will reduce the time each attempt takes at a rate of roughly 1% per 5 attack value, as will total Jad kc.   
You can equip your best ranged gear with the autoequip command `+autoequip range attack ranged`  
The number of total attempts you have made will determine your chances of killing Jad when he is reached.  
You can make 4 dose potions from 3, 2, and 1 dose drops using the `+decant` command. Should you fail before the final wave, some of your potions will be refunded.

### Requirements & Boosts

* +160 range bonus equipped to your range gear setup.
* 43 prayer 
* 10x Prayer Potion \(4\), 4x Super Restore \(4\) and 6x Saradomin Brew \(4\) per attempt.
* Saradomin Godsword equipped in melee gear setup will reduce your chances of dying before Jad by 4%.

If you have extra fire capes, you can gamble them for an additional roll at the TzRek-Jad pet using the `+capegamble` command.

Tokkul can be spent using the `+tokkulshop` command.

Commit message:

GitBook: [#283] Add survival chance to fight caves page

bosses/fight-caves.md, after:

# Fight Caves

### Overview

You can challenge the Fight Caves and TzTok-Jad to receive a fire cape, tokkul, and the TzRek-Jad pet using the `+fightcaves` command. Better range gear will reduce the time each attempt takes at a rate of roughly 1% per 5 attack value, as will total Jad kc. \
You can equip your best ranged gear with the autoequip command `+autoequip range attack ranged`\
The number of total attempts you have made will determine your chances of killing Jad when he is reached.\
You can make 4 dose potions from 3, 2, and 1 dose drops using the `+decant` command. Should you fail before the final wave, some of your potions will be refunded.

### Requirements & Boosts

* \+160 range bonus equipped to your range gear setup.
* 43 prayer&#x20;
* 10x Prayer Potion (4), 4x Super Restore (4) and 6x Saradomin Brew (4) per attempt.
* Saradomin Godsword equipped in melee gear setup will reduce your chances of dying before Jad by 4%.

If you have extra fire capes, you can gamble them for an additional roll at the TzRek-Jad pet using the `+capegamble` command.

Tokkul can be spent using the `+tokkulshop` command.

### Survival Chance

Your chance of survival during the fightcaves is calculated based on your number of attempts and whether or not you have a Saradomin Godsword equiped (in any gear setup).

The chance of survival is shown in the table below.

| Attempts | Survival (Without SGS) | Survival (With SGS) |
| -------- | ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| 0        | 0.9%                   | 0.9%                |
| 1        | 0.9%                   | 0.9%                |
| 2        | 23.4%                  | 24.4%               |
| 3        | 37.7%                  | 39.4%               |
| 4        | 48.9%                  | 51%                 |
| 5        | 57%                    | 59.4%               |
| 6        | 63.7%                  | 66.3%               |
| 7        | 68.4%                  | 71.3%               |
| 8        | 73.2%                  | 76.2%               |
| 9        | 77.9%                  | 81.2%               |
| 10       | 81.7%                  | 85.1%               |
| 11       | 84.6%                  | 88.1%               |
| 12       | 87.4%                  | 91.1%               |
| 13       | 90.3%                  | 94.1%               |
